manifest: Updated Matter revision to pull new Kconfigs (#16146)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/advanced_kconfigs.rst

To enable persistent subscriptions, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_PERSISTENT_SUBSCRIPTIONS` Kconfig option.

The time that it takes to re-establish all subscriptions and CASE sessions depends on the number of sessions that can be recovered simultaneously.
If the number of sessions and subscriptions to recover is greater than the maximum, the device will re-establish as many as possible and schedule re-establishment of the rest after a specified time interval.

> Since the wait interval between the following re-establishment attempts impacts the overall time to recover all device connections, so decreasing it can be beneficial for the user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the wait interval between the following re-establishment attempts impacts the overall time to recover all device connections, decreasing it can be beneficial for the user experience.
```
or

```suggestion
The wait interval between the following re-establishment attempts impacts the overall time to recover all device connections, so decreasing it can be beneficial for the user experience.
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch. Either option is good.

> The wait interval between the following re-establishment attempts impacts the overall time to recover all device connections as well, so decreasing it can be beneficial for the user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the wait interval between the following re-establishment attempts impacts the overall time to recover all device connections, decreasing it can be beneficial for the user experience.
```

> However, the small interval value will impact the device power consumption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, a small interval value will increase device power consumption.
```
I presume this is correct since we started off with "however".

Author: Yes

You can configure how many sessions will be re-established concurrently and what will be the subscription resumption retry interval using the following Kconfig options:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MAX_ACTIVE_CASE_CLIENTS` sets the maximum number of CASE sessions that can be simutaneously re-established by the end device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MAX_ACTIVE_CASE_CLIENTS` - Sets the maximum number of CASE sessions that can be simultaneously re-established by the end device.
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MAX_ACTIVE_DEVICES` sets the maximum number of subscriptions that can be simultaneously re-established by the end device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MAX_ACTIVE_DEVICES` - Sets the maximum number of subscriptions that can be simultaneously re-established by the end device.
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_SUBSCRIPTION_RESUMPTION_MIN_RETRY_INTERVAL` sets the minimum wait time in seconds before the first resumption retry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_SUBSCRIPTION_RESUMPTION_MIN_RETRY_INTERVAL` - Sets the minimum wait time in seconds before the first resumption retry.
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_SUBSCRIPTION_RESUMPTION_RETRY_MULTIPLIER` sets the multiplier in seconds that is used to calculate the wait time for the following resumption retries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_SUBSCRIPTION_RESUMPTION_RETRY_MULTIPLIER` - Sets the multiplier in seconds that is used to calculate the wait time for the following resumption retries.
```
